DOCSP-41078 - v6.8 (#896)
mongodb/docs-node: source/whats-new.txt

  KMS provider refresh capability.

  The following code example shows how to configure a ``ClientEncryption`` object with
  multiple AWS keys:

.. code-block:: javascript
   :copyable: true
   
   const clientEncryption = new ClientEncryption(keyVaultClient, {
     'aws:key1': {
       accessKeyId: ...,
       secretAccessKey: ...
     },
     'aws:key2': {
       accessKeyId: ...,
       secretAccessKey: ...
     },
  
   clientEncryption.createDataKey('aws:key-1', { ... });

- When you create a KMIP data key, you can now specify the ``delegated`` option. If this
  option is set to ``true``, the KMIP provider performs encryption and decryption of
  the data key locally, ensuring that the encryption key never leaves the KMIP server.
  This feature requires ``mongodb-client-encryption`` v6.0.1 or later.
  
  The following code example shows how to specify this option:

.. code-block:: javascript
   :copyable: true

   clientEncryption.createDataKey('kmip', { masterKey: { delegated: true } } );

- The driver now decodes BSON responses as the cursor iterates over them,
  rather than decoding the entire BSON response when it is received.

> - The Github release for the ``mongodb`` package now contains a detached signature file,
>    ``mongodb-X.Y.Z.tgz.sig``, for the NPM package. This change applies to every major
>   and patch release for versions 5.x and 6.x of the driver. To verify the package signature,
>   follow the instructions in the Release Integrity section of the
>   `README.md <https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/blob/v6.8.0/README.md#release-integrity>`__
>   file in the driver's GitHub repository.

Author: ```suggestion
- The Github release for the ``mongodb`` package now contains a detached signature file,
  ``mongodb-X.Y.Z.tgz.sig``, for the NPM package. This change applies to every major
  and patch release for versions 5.x and 6.x of the driver. To verify the package signature,
  follow the instructions in the Release Integrity section of the
  `README.md <https://github.com/mongodb/node-mongodb-native/blob/v6.8.0/README.md#release-integrity>`__
  file in the driver's GitHub repository.
```

* :ref:`Version 3.7 <version-3.7>`
* :ref:`Version 3.6 <version-3.6>`

.. _version-6.8:

What's New in 6.8
-----------------

> The {+driver-short+} v6.7 release includes the following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {+driver-short+} v6.8 release includes the following features:
```

Author: whew. good catch

- Fixes a bug where a local KMS provider accepted a ``BSON Binary`` instance at
  runtime, but the TypeScript compiler allowed only values of type ``Buffer`` and
  ``string``.

- The ``ReadConcernMajorityNotAvailableYet`` error is now a retryable read error.

> - You can now associate a name, and provide multiple keys for, KMS providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now associate a name, and provide multiple keys for KMS providers.
```

> - KMS providers can now be associated with a name, and multiple keys can be provided
>   for each KMS provider. This feature requires ``mongodb-client-encryption`` v6.0.1 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can now associate a name and provide multiple keys for KMS providers. This feature requires ``mongodb-client-encryption`` v6.0.1 or later.
```

  You can't use named KMS providers if your application uses the automatic
  KMS provider refresh capability.

  The following code example shows how to configure a ``ClientEncryption`` object with
  multiple AWS keys:

.. code-block:: javascript
   :copyable: true
   
   const clientEncryption = new ClientEncryption(keyVaultClient, {
     'aws:key1': {
       accessKeyId: ...,
       secretAccessKey: ...
     },
     'aws:key2': {
       accessKeyId: ...,
       secretAccessKey: ...
     },
  

>    clientEncryption.createDataKey('aws:key-1', { ... });

Reviewer: Indent this so it's in the last bullet's section

- When you create a KMIP data key, you can now specify the ``delegated`` option. If this
  option is set to ``true``, the KMIP provider performs encryption and decryption of
  the data key locally, ensuring that the encryption key never leaves the KMIP server.
  This feature requires ``mongodb-client-encryption`` v6.0.1 or later.
  
  The following code example shows how to specify this option:

.. code-block:: javascript
   :copyable: true

>    clientEncryption.createDataKey('kmip', { masterKey: { delegated: true } } );

Reviewer: Indent this one too

- The driver now decodes BSON responses as the cursor iterates over them,
  rather than decoding the entire BSON response when it is received.

- The Github release for the ``mongodb`` package now contains a detached signature file for

>   the NPM package (named ``mongodb-X.Y.Z.tgz.sig``). This change applies to every major

Reviewer: I don't think these parenthesis are necessary
```suggestion
  the NPM package ``mongodb-X.Y.Z.tgz.sig``. This change applies to every major
```

Author: i think the file name refers to the signature file, not the NPM package. reworded anyway

> - The Github release for the ``mongodb`` package now contains a detached signature file for
>   the NPM package (named ``mongodb-X.Y.Z.tgz.sig``). This change applies to every major

Author: ```suggestion
- The Github release for the ``mongodb`` package now contains a detached signature file,
   ``mongodb-X.Y.Z.tgz.sig``, for the NPM package. This change applies to every major
```

>   and patch release for versions 5 and 6 of the driver. To verify the package signature,

Reviewer: S: 
```suggestion
  and patch release for versions 5.x and 6.x of the driver. To verify the package signature,
```
